# Introduction to 206B
## Tips for Success
206 B is a step up from 206A in terms of difficulty and intensity

Set your own internal deadlines : start early, finish early

Ask: there is no such thing as a stupid question
- Come to iffce hours!

Learn from one another, teach one another

Be humble: the more you know, the more you realize you don't know

Immerse yourself in the naterial: go beyond the minimum requirement

***practice, practice, practice***

Remember goal: teach yourself programming in *ten years*

## Setting up the Stage
*From Akshar*

It's not just about learning python, but also learning about the foundations of the language that can help you apply it elsewhere

### How do you compare and measure algorithms?
*Time complexity* and *space complexity*
Why not use a stopwatch?

If you want to gain on speed, you have to give up on memory space

Why can't you just use a stopwatch?
    Different machines have different speeds
    Some languages are faster than others

Instead of measuring time in seconds, we analyse the total number of operations and their relation with the size of the input(n) 

### What is Big O and why is it important? ###
In a programming context, n stands for number of elements in the input. If the input is a list of 5 numbers then n = 5, if the input is a list of 15 numbers then the n=15. 

For linear search, the bsst case is 1 and the worst case is n. What does this mean?

Big O references the upper-bound for the runtime of a function. That is , in the worst case, how complex can it be? 

Programmers are always more concerned with the worst case as compared to the best case 

You want to make sure that your code works and works efficiently in all cases 

